querier: allow to enforce series query request limit (#10748)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

# CLI flag: -store.max-labels-query-length
[max_labels_query_length: <duration> | default = 0s]

> # Maximum number of items, series queries. This limit is enforced in the

Reviewer: I'm a little confused by the phrasing here. Is this the maximum number of series queries permitted? If so, we can remove the `items` and just say `Maximum number of series queries`.

> # querier. If the requested limit is outside the allowed value, the request will
> # not fail but will be manipulated to only query data up to allowed limit. 0 to
> # disable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# querier. If the requested limit is outside of the allowed value, the request doesn't
# fail, but is manipulated to only query data up to the allowed limit. Set to `0` to
# disable.
```
